Soundness: `Robj` must be transparent (#855)
extendr/extendr: CHANGELOG.md

### Deprecated

> - Removed `from_sexp_ref` from public API. This is a completely unsound function, and uses of it must not

Reviewer: Can you rephrase this please? I think something is not right in this sentence.

Reviewer 2: What about: 

```
- Removed `from_sexp_ref` from the public API. `from_sexp_ref()` is an unsafe method and is intended for use only within `extendr-api`.

> - Removed `from_sexp_ref` from public API. This is a completely unsound function, and uses of it must not

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Removed `from_sexp_ref()` from the public API. `from_sexp_ref()` is an unsafe method and is for internal use only.
```

> used otherwise. [[#855]](https://github.com/extendr/extendr/pull/855)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
